realtor build their own personalized
tool.
Build number one is the loan officer AI
twin. This is your public facing
borrower assistant. This is not your
marketing twin. This is not your email
twin. This is the GPT you can share with
customers, borrowers, realtors, and
referral partners. To build it, go to
chat.openai.com.
In the sidebar, click explore GPTs, then
click create. Go to the configure tab,
upload the knowledge files from the
shared folder, name the GPT with your
name or your mortgage brand, add the
description, add your photo, add the
instructions, add your conversation
starters, make sure your contact
information is included, your phone
number, email, website, application
link, NMLS number, and call to action
need to be inside the GPT. For
capabilities, leave web search and
canvas turned on, then click create.
Publish it to the GPT store. Use the
education category. Save it. Copy the
link, then view the GPT and test it. A
simple first test is, "How much house
can I afford?"
After you build it, put that link in
your email signature, your social media
posts, your website, and anywhere
borrowers